
class: center, middle

# Demo feature name

Author: [陈庆超](2710200527@qq.com)  

Source Code: https://github.com/K45V/docklet/tree/cqc

---

# Goal 

goal: limit the length of lxcname 

---

# Design

limit the length of username to limit the first part`s length of lxcname;
make the input of username only not longer than five accepted.

---

# Experiment
add "maxlength = "5"", web only accept usernames not longer than 5.It works. 


---
# Summary
I tried to edit all "username"s in src file to make them change to hex , but when editing, i find that there exit "user"、"['data']['username']"、etc. one function may use a "username" i had edited,but if i edit this "username" in this function,there exits conflict.And "root" should be dealed with specially.So,i give up this idea.
I want to find where the "username" first come into the backstage from, I find that in login.py, but i can't understand.So i turnd to the web htmls.the function "hex" can't be used in html,and i find a JavaScript that can tranfer a int to a hex.Luckily i find a grammer limits the length of "text" inputed.So i adopt it, and make the maxlength 5.and the number of usernames can achieve 6 millions.It should Work.
Recycle pool may be better.as the length of username is limited to five.Only leave 10 million to "clusterid" and "i", when using the "iwork", i find the clusterid is used by all users, it will accelerate the convergence of clusterid.  but it's too hard to me.
# Gains
i know about how powerful python is,how complex docklet is,and i realized that a good design is important to a application.from this work, i learnd Markdown,python,and shellscript.know a little about web and python for web.how system framework works.   
# complaint
many web actually use this way to solve problems.for example github.
